Good afternoon.
My name is Christy Wyatt.
I'm the director of Worldwide
Developer Relations.
And we're here to talk about go-to-market
strategies and services for developers.
Now, if you're an engineer here looking
for any technical content whatsoever,
this is the advanced warning
that you should leave,
because there is zero technical
content in this session whatsoever.
This is a little bit of an experiment,
actually.
We get asked a lot of times why we
talk-- why we don't talk to developers
at developer conference about how
they take the solutions they've
worked so hard to build to market.
And maybe somebody is new
to the Apple community.
Maybe they are new to selling software,
period, and they've never actually had to
take a product to market before.
So we get a lot of questions
in developer relations.
And we thought that we would do a
little trial this year and put in a
session on the grid to see if this was
the sort of content that developers
at this event might want to hear.
Thank you.
I believe in ending on a high note,
so thank you all for coming.
These are some of the questions
we get asked all the time.
My team specifically is responsible
for seeking out new partners and
taking partners to market and working
with partners on an ongoing basis.
So these are the questions that
we get asked every single day.
These are the questions that come into
our developer program every single day.
So we're going to go through the
top ten questions we get about
sales and marketing all the time.
If you've been selling
products for a while,
some of them may feel
a little rudimentary,
but maybe there's a few things
that are Apple unique that
you may learn this afternoon.
The first question is what are the
key components of a go-to-market plan?
If you've never actually had to
sell a piece of software before
or try to sell a product before,
all the different things you need
to do to launch a product might
be just a little bit overwhelming.
So the things that we're going to focus
most specifically on this afternoon
are around marketing and sales.
What are some easy ways or some
not-so-easy ways to market your product,
and what are the different options
for taking that product to market?
Retail, online, channels, direct,
and so forth.
So starting off with marketing,
let's talk about marketing.
We get asked a lot how to best do PR.
Should I be doing PR because
I'm a small organization?
Does it really make sense for me?
Is it going to cost me a lot of money?
PR, in fact,
could be probably one of the cheapest
forms of marketing and one of the
most effective if you do it right.
Press releases don't cost a lot
to write or don't cost a lot to
get out there and get posted,
but you have to think very clearly
about what it is that you're doing.
The first thing you have to
understand is who's your customer
and who are you trying to get
to and who do they listen to?
So what are the publications?
What are the pages you're targeting?
Who are the influential journalists?
How do you identify the influencers?
And then creating a message that
is very clear about your product
and attractive to that market.
Now that sounds really, really simple,
but oftentimes it's not.
We see a lot of press releases
coming through that aren't
quite that crisp and clear.
So you have to think really clearly
about your value proposition.
And then repeat, repeat, repeat.
The trick is saying the same thing
over and over and over and over
again until everybody knows what your
product and your brand stands for.
So clear messaging.
Identify the influencers.
One other thing you might
want to think about,
especially if you're just starting out,
is maybe getting some professional help.
And I don't mean medical
professional help.
Although if you've tried to
do this for a little while,
you might require it.
But we mean there's a lot of
really good freelancers out there
that make themselves available
to smaller organizations.
They're incredibly easy to find.
There's a URL here for an
association that freelancers make
themselves available through.
One thing we would recommend is find
somebody who really understands the
customers you're trying to get to.
This could be a freelance person
who's really good at talking
to enterprise publications.
And you're a consumer-focused product.
That's probably not
going to work out really,
really well.
So try to find someone who understands
the market you're going after.
And then try to get that
clear message and repeat,
repeat, repeat.
We've listed a couple of
the Apple publications.
Some things you might want to
think about are do you want
to talk to the Apple press,
the people who write
about Apple all the time?
Or do you want to talk to people
who are publications and journalists
who are in the vertical market
that you're trying to attract?
So, for example,
talking to the Apple publications
or talking to someone
specifically in the life sciences,
like bio-IT world,
if you're writing an application
that's scientific in nature.
It's really easy, generally,
to find the journalist
that you want to target.
If you go to any one of these
publications and do a search on Apple,
you're going to see who writes
about Apple all the time.
And now you know who it is you
need to get your stuff in front of.
A question we get all the time is
how do you get Apple to endorse
one of your press releases?
And I'm just going to be really,
really honest, it's incredibly,
incredibly hard.
We're really,
really tough about press releases and
putting our name on third party things.
Very few get Apple quotes.
This event, for example, we had, I think,
18 at the very most and this is a huge,
huge event.
Some of the things we look for is to
make sure that the press releases that
we're reviewing are very product related.
They're about your products,
your customers.
We never announce other people's things.
We may support you in doing that.
That you're going to distribute
them on a major news wire.
So if it's not going through
a major news service,
we won't even really consider it.
And that it's identifiable to some
target market that we're looking at.
And I know that's not on this list.
We're going to talk to a little bit more
on how to get things in front of us.
But these are some things to think about.
And again, you know,
we're always excited to see
partners doing press releases
about Apple related software.
We don't think that they all
necessarily need to be quoted by Apple.
But these are some of the
things that we're looking for.
Another thing to think about
is what are some major events?
If there's a lot of Apple media
going on around a major Apple event,
that may or may not be a good
time for you to be talking about
your Apple related product.
So what are the major Apple events?
I'll give you a hint.
This is one.
There's actually three that we
consider to be major Apple events.
Apple Expo's in Paris this
year in September.
Macworld Expo in San Francisco.
Always in San Francisco.
Big,
big event for us even though it's not
an Apple specific and Apple only event.
And then WWDC.
Each one of these events is very unique
in how they work with third parties.
But oftentimes they'll make
demo opportunities available
or booth opportunities.
There may be PR opportunities.
So you should go to the specific
websites and look for what are
the third party opportunities
around those different events.
Another thing you may want to
think about is what other events
is Apple participating in?
So for example,
if you're writing education software,
NECC is in two weeks.
It's really pretty simple to
figure out whether Apple's going
to be at an event in a big way.
You look at the exhibitors
list and if we're there,
chances are someone from
Apple's going to be around.
If you already have a booth planned
and you're going to be showing
Apple product in your booth,
we'd actually love to know.
We oftentimes sort of plot out what
kind of Apple solutions are going to be
showing on the floor of any major event.
And if you're showing your product,
we'd love to know about it.
So we'll let you know how
to do that in a little bit.
[Transcript missing]
Other online marketing opportunities.
So not all the ways to market
with Apple are through Apple.
So, for example,
VersionTracker is another
very well-trafficked site
for third-party products.
We get a lot of folks that are
looking at the VersionTracker page and
then coming back and talking to us.
So I've put the URL for that up here.
Other Apple.com sites.
So we get asked a lot how you
get on different Apple pages.
So, for example,
sometimes we reference third-party
software on the server page or
on the ITPro page or on some of
the other creative markets pages.
The answer is get your products
into MPG and the Downloads Guide.
When we're looking for new solutions,
maybe things we've missed,
maybe new solutions in emerging markets,
that's where we go look.
You know, the MPG, as we said,
is the most comprehensive software guide.
And so when the teams that are
responsible for vertical markets
are looking for new content,
that's kind of where they go.
So I would suggest you start there.
Other online marketing opportunities,
sometimes banner ads.
Banner ads obviously are
not necessarily free,
so they're not as cost effective
as some of the other things
that we were talking about.
But they can be equally effective.
Some other things to think about are,
as I was saying before,
try to identify the target site.
Is it a Mac community you're
looking for or is it a vertical
community you're looking for?
So, does it make sense to post some sort
of banner ad on one of these very
Mac-specific URLs that we're listing
here or do you want to try to identify
sites that are well trafficked for the
target customer you're going after?
The other thing to think about is
whether you're really just trying
to build awareness or whether you're
actually trying to capture people.
And so are you just trying to
put your graphic or your logo
and get your message up there,
or when they click through,
is there something specific
you want to do with them?
So then that kind of leads us to sales.
If somebody clicks through and they
want to buy something from you,
what is that call to action?
So I would have to say that by far the
biggest percentage of questions that
we get are around sales of products
and what is the most effective way to
sell products out to the Mac customers.
Obviously there's many different
paths to market depending on what your
solution is and who your customer is.
There's direct, retail, online,
through resellers or influencers or VARs.
Direct we're not going to talk all
that much about this afternoon.
If you're doing direct sales,
chances are you know
who your customers are.
It's probably one of the most
expensive ways to go and sell
your product because you have
full-time people going and doing it.
We're going to spend most of our time
this afternoon talking about retail,
online, and resellers.
So is retail right for me?
Apple, as a company,
might know something about retail.
If you were in the keynote,
we definitely know how to make very
cool demos about our retail team,
because you saw that in the keynote.
But actually, we've gotten a lot of
attention for retail.
And so to talk a little bit
not just about Apple retail,
but some things you might want to think
about in approaching retail in general,
I want to introduce Carl Smit.
Carl is the Retail Merchandising
Manager for the Apple Store for
software products,
and he's going to to talk a little
bit about retail strategies.
Good afternoon.
So I'm the Product Merchandising
Manager for software in
the Apple retail store.
So all the software products.
We have a few merchants.
We have a different one for hardware.
And then we have some for overseas,
but we all work pretty
closely together as a team.
What I'm going to start with is
just weighing the cost versus
the benefits of entering retail
[Transcript missing]
Publishers.
So there are a lot of
different publishers,
and a lot of them have different
levels of involvement as to whether
or not they pick up your product.
Some of them want to be involved in
actual development of the product
and finishing the product along.
Others want to be involved in packaging.
Some are taking a very
active role in the marketing.
But some of them don't do any of that.
They really are acting
more like a distributor,
and it's just an easier method of entry
if you're having difficulty working with
one of the distributors and you want to
get into a retail channel more quickly.
So it can vary.
And there are publishers that
work through distributors,
and there are publishers who are direct.
So there's no definite.
A good example of a publisher is Aspire,
who does all the EA games,
and they pick up smaller titles.
I don't know if any of you
are familiar with iSale,
which is a new product that
helps you sell products on eBay,
but they're working through Aspire.
And Aspire is currently with Navarre,
and so that's how Apple Retail procures,
say, iSale.
It goes through the publisher,
through the distributor,
and then to the retailer.
And the third general
category are vendor reps.
And the best way to think of
them are like sales reps that
represent more than one category.
So they're a lot of
different types of vendors.
And they're really-- they
can give you some valuable
advice on what your product,
as far as packaging, marketing, PR.
They usually have very good contacts
within the different retailers,
and general sales channels,
for that matter, and also work with
publishers and distributors.
So they can be very, very helpful,
depending on where you are in the--
in the sort of chain of development
and how much help you want.
They tend to actively push your
product in the sales channels.
I think when you're thinking
about all of these-- distributor,
publisher, and vendor rep-- it's
important to remember that,
like anywhere in any business,
the level of service
they're providing you,
they're going to expect a level
of return for that service.
So depending on-- that's going
to eke away at your profit.
But they're providing
something that's valuable,
valuable to you.
So it's really where you are
and what you're looking for,
specifically, who would suit you best.
And I would recommend
explore all of them.
Don't rule anyone out early on,
because only in conversation
will you really learn what--
who might be best for you.
Because you'll find that sometimes
a publisher may make sense for you,
and you may not have thought
that was the case when you
first started looking at it.
So same thing with all the others,
of course.
So-- Yeah.
So the Apple store.
I know most of you have
been in Apple stores.
We're pretty proud of our stores.
We're pretty excited.
The growth's been phenomenal.
We've got 109 stores,
some of you probably
at keynote on Monday.
We just entered Canada in Toronto.
We have three stores in the UK,
two stores, I'm sorry, in the UK now,
and three stores in Japan.
And things are continuing to grow,
and boom,
this is a picture of our Regent Street.
Now we're seeing over a
million customers a week,
which is just that visibility I was
talking about in the beginning.
There aren't a lot of, I mean,
there are online click-throughs,
but you're not getting the same kind
of visibility that you do with retail,
where they're actually walking down
the aisle and picking up your box.
And a million customers a week,
it's 140,000 a day, 1,400 customers.
So that's a lot of customers per store.
So the visibility you're getting
in Apple retail is incredible,
and it's that target
audience you're looking for.
They're all Mac users,
and they're interested in Mac products,
Mac-specific products.
Just showing you our sales,
and sales are continuing to
grow quarter over quarter.
We're really pleased.
All retailers are different.
As I'm sure you guys
have seen in our stores,
we care about some things a
lot more than other retailers.
Best Buy, Comp, you'll see they're a lot
more promotional than we are.
We're not about discounting.
We're much more, we want the products to
stand for themselves.
And because we don't
have as much space as,
say, a Fry's or a Best Buy,
we're really trying to
get the best of the best.
And so while some things are general,
some things we care about a little bit
more than some of the other retailers.
So when you're thinking about product,
it's again going back to
what I said in the beginning.
Consumer-based products.
While we carry some more high-end
products than other retailers,
they still need to have consumer appeal,
broad-based consumer appeal.
When they start getting too
specialized and too professional,
it probably starts making less sense.
to be in the retail space.
We always think about being
related to the digital hub.
If you look at how our
stores are spread out,
you have the home section,
the pro section, music, photo, movie.
Those are the different zones.
We sort of see how a consumer
interacts with their computer.
And so the products that are
related to that are typically
our most successful products.
And we also are always looking at
carrying the latest operating system.
We're not interested in products
that were popular a year ago.
We want the stuff that is the latest
and greatest and works with the absolute
brand new systems that we have out there.
So those are just sort
of our restrictions.
Packaging.
We care a lot more about packaging
than any of our competitors.
If you look in our stores,
we want it to be more of an experience
than an active selling environment.
We want the packages to be attractive,
to look good on the shelves,
to be informative, so that if a customer
picks the product up,
they can quickly figure out
what the product is about.
We don't carry jewel cases,
we don't have bulk stacks,
we don't have POPs,
we don't have end caps.
We want the products to sit on
the shelves and sell themselves,
is really what we're looking for.
So we're not interested
in bells and whistles.
We want a product to really speak
for itself and its packaging.
We prefer the smaller boxes,
and I put that in because some people
get surprised when they've spent
all this time working on a product
and they come out with this big box.
Shelf space is a consideration
for all retailers,
and the smaller box allows
us to carry more merchandise.
So whenever possible,
we prefer the smaller box.
It's not that we want to give one
an unfair advantage over another,
it's that we just have limited
shelf space and we want to be as
fair and representative to all.
[Transcript missing]
Right store, right market.
So that's been Apple's
strategy all along.
We aim for the 50-yard line
in all of our retail spaces,
and we have four general
footprints that we go in with.
The San Francisco store here is
one of our high-profile stores.
It's the two-story store,
which you'll see in Japan, you see on our
Regent Street store in the U.K.
We have one in Soho, L.A.
It is our biggest store.
It gives us the flexibility to be able
to carry more titles in those spaces.
So, you know, a lot of you think, okay,
am I going to make it into Apple retail,
and am I not?
And it's not an all or nothing.
If you make it into Apple retail,
that doesn't necessarily mean you're
automatically in all of our stores.
Typically what we do is we try
you in those high-profile stores,
and as you get more successful,
we roll you out to
these other footprints.
The mini store is an example
that you'll see more in malls,
the Stanford Mall, Oak Ridge Mall,
our mini stores.
Small stores like the Burlingame store,
if any of you are in the area,
you may know that store.
And a large store is like our -- kind
of our -- more of our standard store,
which is like the Palo Alto store,
if any of you have seen
any of the Bay Area stores.
That's about it.
Thank you, Carl.
I have to say that I think
getting into the Apple retail
store is probably the number one
question that we get all the time.
Anybody who's got even the smallest
interest in getting in front of consumers
sees the Apple store as an excellent way.
You're looking at it and you're thinking,
all of those people,
all of that exposure, Apple Retail,
any retail sounds like a great option,
but all of those people that
want a part of the profit,
all of those things
I have to think about,
distributors, vendor reps, yada, yada,
yada.
Maybe that's just a little too hard
for me for where I am right now.
Maybe I'm not ready.
Or maybe there's a better
way of selling my product.
So what about online?
We see a lot of our vendors doing
various different online strategies,
online themselves,
online through partners.
And so to talk a little bit
about some online strategies,
Eric Ronberg,
Eric is a Senior Manager for
Worldwide Online Apple Retail.
I don't have a mic,
so I'll be on the mic right here.
Thank you, Christy.
I'm Eric Ronberg, as she mentioned.
I manage third-party products
for the online store.
And much of what Carl touched on is
very similar to what we go through
from an online store standpoint.
There are definitely many
ways to go to market online.
There is the opportunity to sell
direct through your own store,
if you will,
through your own online distribution.
There's also websites, obviously,
like the Amazons of the world,
the buy.coms of the world.
And there's also through
Apple Online Retail,
which would be another option.
There's also the great opportunity
for direct downloads as well,
directly from your site or
potentially from other sites,
which is a very large opportunity.
And there's also the
large and growing market.
I believe there's even a
breakout tomorrow afternoon
to talk about that further.
Selling through your own website,
obviously a very profitable channel.
Less concern about packaging.
Just really the key things there
becomes content and making sure
that you're addressing your
market and your target markets.
Obviously, there's incredible growth
history with the online sales.
We continue to see the same results
within our online store here at Apple.
We're very open to the masses.
So depending on where you want to
target and how you want to target it,
you can definitely hit a little
bit of everybody through the
online retail opportunities.
Here's a couple of other retailers from
an online standpoint that you can do.
So obviously there's
direct through your stores,
through your own stores
if you were to sell it.
But then there's also the
other players like Mall,
Buy.com, and Amazon.
They carry pretty much everything.
They offer very competitive pricing,
in many cases too competitive.
And they're broad focused.
The content is varying.
So the content which we find on
Apple Retail is the most competitive.
And that's one of the
most important things.
So we're making sure that we
provide all the specifications,
all the content,
and everything that's needed to
make the purchase decision very easy
and let them find what they need.
So, you know,
what about our channel here,
the Apple Online Retail Store?
You know,
it's something we try and present
the premier online experience.
You know, we try and provide a dedicated
site for Mac enthusiasts,
a premier destination point that's
there for everybody to find the latest
and greatest items for the Macintosh,
or iPod for that matter.
They're obviously focused
towards the Mac customer.
Our pricing is consistent.
Typically,
we go to market with what you suggest
from a retail price point standpoint.
We have millions of unique visitors
on a weekly basis versus just the
million that you get at retail.
So it is a great exposure place,
and again,
it's one of the first places that
people who are using a Mac or
considering the Mac that they go to.
Obviously, they go to Apple.com,
and then they check the store
to see what else we sell.
So it's a great opportunity,
and there's also huge
international opportunities
where we have stores in Europe,
Japan, Asia Pacific, Canada.
So we're continuing to grow and
expand those markets as well.
So it's a great worldwide opportunity.
And that's just an example of one
of the learn mores that we have.
When I talk about content
and how critical it is,
really highlighting the key
features and benefits and assets.
And we continue to adapt
the functionality in our
store on a regular basis.
You know,
things to think about obviously,
packaging, less of an issue,
the bigger the box,
the better as far as I'm concerned.
But the content, again, very critical.
Attractive and informative when it comes
to image shots and features and benefits.
You know, must have the right information
for the Mac customer,
and again we have relatively
unlimited shelf space,
but at the same time,
we are still very selective because we
wanted to make sure that it supports
the Apple platform and the Mac platform.
[Transcript missing]
Another direct related program
that you should be aware of is
the Apple Consultants Network.
Now consultants in our Consultants
Network are not necessarily resellers.
So they don't necessarily resell product,
but they may offer other services.
So they may do training,
they may do on-site services,
they may have a number of other
third-party certifications,
they may be aligned around a
specific set of third-party products.
Oftentimes they team either with our
direct sales organizations or with
some of our other reseller channels.
And they have a breadth of services.
There's really three different ways
to engage with these influencers.
And really you should think
about the Consultants Network as
a team of influencers.
It's a very broad community.
And though they're not, again,
directly reselling product,
they can influence a lot of direct
sales if you educate them well on your
product and give them the opportunity
to participate by either making them a
part of your beta program or offering
specific training benefits to them.
Here's a URL to engage them.
And these are all -- I'm going to show
you a couple of different links off
of the consultant.apple.com webpage.
You could also become one.
If you have a lot of access to direct
customers and you think you may want
to actually become an Apple consultant,
here's a URL for that.
Or you may want to hire one.
As I said, they actually have a breadth
of other services that they can
make available to your customer.
And some of them may be very
complementary to the application of
the solution you're trying to sell.
So I would encourage you to go to
these URLs and take a look at what
they can offer and see if there's
some way that you can enhance your
direct or your reseller strategy
by working with these folks.
Thank you.
Now each one of these are
very specific programs,
and it's a lot of sort of
point places to go and look.
Within our developer program,
we try to look for very
broadly applicable programs.
So are there programs that we can
offer through the Developer Connection
that are very broadly applicable
to a large number of developers?
And so to talk about a
few of those is Ed Prasek.
Ed is on our Developer Connection team,
and he's the Senior Manager for
Developer Business Services.
So in ADC, you know,
the thing we're all about is
you guys being successful.
We want you guys to spend a lot
of time developing your products.
And we want you to be successful.
We want you to make money, lots of money.
The more money you make,
the more successful you
are in the platform,
the more you can continue coming
out with those great products
that you do for the platform.
And that makes us more successful.
After all,
the platform is only as good as
the products you guys come out for.
So it's all about money.
Everything we do is about trying to
enhance your success in the marketplace.
And there's a lot of programs,
in addition to what's
already been spoken about,
that you can take advantage
of to help you do that.
As Christy touched on earlier,
one of them is the
Macintosh Products Guide.
You know,
the guide has 47 million users a year,
and that's nothing to sneeze at.
One thing you guys got to
remember is that when people
buy into the Mac platform,
one of the first places they want
to come to look for products for
the platform is back to Apple.
They want to come back to Apple.
They want to say, "Okay,
I got this great computer.
What are the solutions that
are available for me to use?"
So they come back to Apple.
And, you know,
that's the strength of the guide.
You know, it's got over 23,000 products
available for the platform.
They're all there.
And you guys,
it's free to put your products in there.
It doesn't cost you a dime to
list your products in there.
Customers are actively looking for your
products and trying to make sure that
they know the new products are available
for them to use on the new machines
that they're buying and the projects
and solutions that they're looking
for for the tasks they want to do.
You know,
we have an ad program at the Guide, too.
So you guys can-- it's not just about
listing your products in the Guide.
It's also giving you guys the ability
to market your products under Apple's
umbrella in the Products Guide.
You know, advertising,
web advertising generally has
a click-to-purchase rate of,
I don't know, 0.1 or 0.2 percent,
and that's the industry average.
The Guide gets between 7 and 8
percent click-to-purchase rate.
That's huge.
That's well above the industry standard.
And again, under Apple's umbrella,
you have a very active and qualified
audience that's coming to look
for information on your products,
the things you guys are
offering to the public,
what they can do with their computers.
Some of the types of ads you can
take advantage of is a homepage
sponsorship ad on the Guide.
Remember, the Guide has,
like Christy said earlier,
23,000 products.
That's a sea of products.
How do you make your product
stand out from the sea of
products that are in the Guide?
Well, you know, with the sponsorship ads
that we have in the Guide,
it draws immediate
attention to your product.
You can use this type of program to
build awareness for your product,
or to drive sales and
incremental revenue.
Homepage sponsorship is
one of the strong ones.
Another great one is spotlight ads.
You know, these are, these,
the bottom ones,
the spotlight ads are driven more for
actually driving incremental sales.
Another good one is all the Guide,
the back pages, are all category pages,
whether they be hardware or software.
Customers go through and troll
when they're looking for specific
products for a technology.
So, you know, the ads here,
if they're looking for product
or productivity utilities,
for example,
those ads right there jump out at them.
They're immediately drawn to them,
and they get an exceedingly
high click-to-purchase rate.
Another thing a lot of people do is,
you know, they don't know the specific
product they're looking for,
but they have a general idea,
so they use our search pages.
The ads that are there
get an extremely high,
I think, you know,
like 18% click-to-purchase on
this particular page alone.
And it's consistently in our top
10 most visited pages of the Guide.
So that pulls exceedingly well for you,
too.
And then all of the ads in
the Guide drive back to your
product description page.
And it's not anything
that we put in there.
You guys can go in there and
put this information in about
your product anytime you want.
The only requirement is that
the product be shipping,
that customers can get their hands on it.
You can go in there,
enter the information
as much as you want,
anytime you want,
change it anytime you want,
have your ad look any way you want,
and have it click through to
wherever you want it to go.
If you got it carried in the Apple Store,
you know,
you can have it click to the Apple Store,
give the customer a one-click
purchase that goes right to
their shopping cart in the store.
If you sell it directly
from your website,
take it there.
It's up to you.
It's an exceedingly powerful
marketing program for you guys
to use under Apple's umbrella.
Take advantage of it.
And you know, we have an online media kit
that tells you about all the
requirements for the guide,
ad size, and everything.
We make it as easy as possible.
The cost is pretty nominal.
You know,
it's not a revenue-driven service.
Everything that we make goes
back into servicing the guide.
So, you know, we'll build something
that fits your budget.
Again, the whole thing is there to
help you guys be as successful
as possible in the marketplace.
URL for this is right here.
And, you know,
if you don't want to write the URL,
you can go to the home page
of the product's guide.
And at the very bottom,
it has a link there for the media kit.
The next thing we do is we have a
program set up with our retail partners,
whether they be online like Mac Zone,
Club Mac, or the Apple Store itself,
and also some of our vertical partners
like B&H and Sweetwater and AudioMidi.
And what this program is,
is it allows us to offer your
products to your customers,
an exclusive deal that
Apple markets them.
So we tell our retail partners,
"Hey you guys,
you come up with some great deals
in conjunction with the developers.
Let us know what they are.
We'll market them to the world."
And we do market them to the world.
As a matter of fact,
these are the retail partners
that are involved in it.
There's 19 of them.
They're the strongest,
they're the favorite of the
install base of the Mac platform.
and over one million people use
Hot Deals to look for exclusive
offers on the products you guys
are offering to the retail partner.
And this is even bigger
than the Products Guide.
The Products Guide got seven to eight.
The Hot Deals program has a
32% click-to-purchase rate.
That is astronomical.
Some of the participants have a
45 to 50% click-to-purchase rate.
The lowest one in the program is
a 15.91 click-to-purchase rate.
That's absolutely massive.
These people are coming in.
They're looking to buy.
They're looking to buy your products.
And this drives huge.
And whenever the retailer updates their
offerings on their Hot Deals page,
we let the world know about it.
So if you come up with a new offer,
Apple is letting the world know
through a variety of third-party
websites that such and such
retailer has the following special
offers on such and such a product.
And it drives huge traffic.
If you guys could see it,
you'd be very impressed
with the traffic stats.
Again,
there's some requirements for Hot Deals.
It's free.
It doesn't cost you guys anything to do.
But there's some specs and some
regulations that you have to follow.
And it's just something you set
up with your retail partners that
you normally do business with.
And they'll let us know
what you want to offer.
So the URL,
just take advantage of that and get
all the information is right there.
If you don't want to write that URL,
it's easily accessible from the homepage
of the Apple Developer Connection
website at developer.apple.com.
And, you know,
there's been a lot of programs
that you've been given
information on so far today,
and instead of making you guys
click through all of the website
trying to find all this stuff,
there's a real easy quick start
guide at this URL here that
has links to all the various
programs we've been talking about,
and tons more.
You know,
we've only scratched the surface of the
stuff that's available for you guys.
So take advantage of it,
and with that I'll turn
it back over to Christy,
and we'll be there to answer
questions for you later on.
Thank you.
I think I'm in trouble.
They all told me,
make sure you tell them that
we're going to put the URLs on
the website so they don't all
sit there writing them all down.
So sorry about that if you guys were
sitting there writing them all down.
So this was our Developer Top 10.
These are the top 10 questions we
get around sales and marketing,
different programs
that we have available.
We have people here to answer any
number of questions you may have.
So we wanted to make sure we had lots of
time available to get to your questions.
But the number one question that
we know you're all asking is,
can I talk to someone right now?
So I've come, I've built my product,
I've heard about all
these great programs.
Is there someone in the room that
I can talk to because I don't think
Apple knows about my great solution?
And the answer is absolutely yes.
So we're going to do a little bit of Q&A.
I have a whole panel of folks.
We've also set up some specific URLs,
especially for the attendees
of this conference.
These are not email addresses that
you're going to find out on the web.
These are not on the web page, anyways.
These go anywhere.
These go straight into our
partnership manager's team
over the next little while.
We wanted to, as I said,
use this conversation as a way to
gather input for what we could be
doing better around business and
marketing services and content
around the developer connection.
So we've organized them according to the
kind of solutions you're trying to build.
These will obviously be in the
slides that you'll get later as well.
So with that, I wanted to mention one
other related session.
There is a session tomorrow morning on
the Power Users Guide to the App Store.
It's going to be about the
Apple Developer Connection.
So they'll talk a little bit about
some of the marketing services
as well as all of the other
benefits of being an ADC member.
And that session will
be tomorrow morning.
So we would strongly recommend
you go and take a look at that.